Changes for edge-20.10.4 (#5123)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-20.10.4

This edge release is a release candidate for stable-2.9.0. For the proxy, there
have been changes to improve performance, remove unused code, and configure
ports that can be ignored by default. Also, this edge release adds enhancements
to the multicluster configuration and observability, adds more translations to

> the dashboardand addresses a bug in the CLI.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
the dashboard, and addresses a bug in the CLI.
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!

> * Added more translations to the dashboard and validation tests

Reviewer 2: Don't think we have to mention the tests.  Can we be more specific about the translations?  We just expanded the spanish translation, right?

> * Added support for a list of service accounts in multicluster install with

Reviewer 2: "Added support for creating multiple service accounts when installing multicluster with Helm to allow more granular revocation"

  helm

> * Removed per-pod overrides for cluster network configuration, unused proxy

Reviewer 2: "Renamed `global.proxy.destinationGetNetworks` to `global.clusterNetworks`.  This is a cluster-wide setting and can no longer be overridden per-pod"

  variables, and renamed `global.proxy.destinationGetNetworks` to
  `global.clusterNetworks`
* Fixed an empty multicluster Grafana graph which used a deprecated label

> * Added the tracing helm subchart ServiceAccounts to the `linkerd-psp`

Reviewer 2: "Added the control plane tracing ServiceAccounts to the `linkerd-psp` RoleBinding so that it can be used in environments where PodSecurityPolicy is enabled"

> * Added the tracing helm subchart ServiceAccounts to the `linkerd-psp`

Reviewer: nit: i think Helm should be a proper noun
```suggestion
* Added the tracing Helm subchart ServiceAccounts to the `linkerd-psp`
```

  RoleBinding for use in environments where PodSecurityPolicy is enabled
* Enhanced EKS support by adding `100.64.0.0/10` to the set of discoverable
  networks
* Fixed a bug in the way that the `--all-namespaces` flag is handled by the
  `linkerd edges` command
* Added a default set of ports to bypass the proxy for server-first, https,

>   and memcached traffic

Reviewer: should we mention any of the proxy changes here as well? in particular, I think there was a fix for bad tap output.

Author: The bad tap output was a fix for a regression in a past edge. I opted to leave it out since it doesn't affect the last stable version.

Should it be included in this case?

>   and memcached traffic

Reviewer: memcached is skipped _because_ it's server-first, right? the wording here doesn't make that super clear IMO

Reviewer: also, maybe we should mention the actual port numbers that are skipped?

Author: The notes said that memcached is skipped because "clients do not issue any sort of preamble that is immediately detectable." 

Is that the same as server-first?
